RELEASE 1

2. One of the most important points behind the Linux operating system is that it is open source, meaning that its source code can be freely downloaded, modified, and redistributed. By opening the code to the community, Linux hopes to continuously evolve as good software, because the source code is not the property of a single corporation that is interested in generating profits. Linux software is tested by the users, in real-life environments.

Linux, unlike other operating systems whose main user-to-computer interaction is done through an intentionally limited GUI, is not designed to protect the user from the complexity of the computer. Rather, Linux embraces that its users will have a certain level of computer literacy, and gives the user full access to its components. It allows each user to do things their own way, without restricting their access.

3. A virtual private server is a piece of a computer that is sold to a customer, who can then remotely access the server as if it were a computer, and use it to host files that need to be accessed by a network. Each server runs a copy of an operating system, and can install software that a computer with the same operating system could install. A virtual private server is a much cheaper option than a dedicated physical server. Additionally, the size of the virtual private server can be upgraded or downgraded as needed to respond to business needs. Furthermore, because the virtual private server is separate from other servers, the settings can be configured in any way that the customer needs.

4. It is a bad idea to run programs as root in Linux because those programs then have access to every feature of the computer that the program is being run on. Therefore, if there is a security issue or virus within the program that is being run, it has access to everything. Additionally, it is possible to make unintended changes while logged in as root that will make the system inaccessible or unable to be booted. These changes cannot be made from a user-level account.